There once was a flapjack, that most likely did it. Did what, you may ask?
Mrs. Butterswoth and Aunt Jemima were in a heated dispute about which of
their syrups are the best, and the rest of the cabinet was growing weary 
of their loud arguing. One day, Mrs. Butterworth was gone, and Aunt Jemima nor
the rest of the town knew where she was. Who kidnapped Mrs. Buttersworth? 
It was most likely the pancake. 
Mrs. Butterworth loved to have pancackes. She would sit with her syrup and pancakes
and eat them to glory for breakfast everyday. She would forget the entire world and
enter another realm during that time. Mr. Butterworth hated this. "I would appreciate 
some attention for once." Maybe she was absorbed in doing th same thing sh loved doing.
Seething with jealousy, Mr. Buttersworth contacted pancake hitmen to scare Mrs. Butterworth 
into hiding. However, the hitmen had other plans. See, these pancake hitmen despised Mrs. Butterworth
because she callously feasted upon their constituents for her own personal gain. One night, they
sneakily snuck into her maple mansion, spooked the living daylights out of Mrs. Butterworth, and brought
her to their hideout near the syrup coast. Distraught by his wife's disappearance, Mr. Butterworth
contacted the police to locate his lost love.
One day, Mrs. Butterworth appeared in the CS Building asked for help with her Red Black Tree project.
She had been spending 15 hours to code the rotation and got no sleep. She walked in one of the TAs's room
and saw her husban Mr. Butterworth. They were speechless for 2 minutes, then hugged together.
Mr. Butterworth promised to help her with the CS project. They had a happy life from then.
After all of this dispute between the members of the cabinet, all was well in the kitchen.
The different syrups settles their differences, and realized that they weren't so different after all.
Even the vicious hitmen, who never settled their quarrels, decided to engage in a life of peace.
All in all, we should all strive to live with our neighbors in harmony just like this cabinet.
